(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING AND BEEPING)
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(WIND BLOWING)
(WEAPONS EXPLODING)
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(MOTORCYCLE ENGINE RUNNING)
(GUN FIRING)
You wanted virgins.
Base, this is Phoenix One.
I need extraction.
MAN: Extraction for two?
Extraction for one.
MAN: Proceed to point beta.
(WIND BLOWING)
(BELL RINGING)
(MUMBLING)
(CAR ENGINES RUNNING)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
(GROWLING)
Time for you to go.
Hey.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Fuck.
(CHOKING)
Mitch, get up here.
Yeah, I don't know.
Something's not right.
MITCH: I'm on my way.
And get rid of the girl.
(GROANING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(MUMBLING)
WAITER: Dr. Richardson.
Hello, tonight we are three.
Right this way.
Shall I start you off with the usual?
No, I'm celebrating.
Tonight I will start with two bottles
of your finest Cabernet Sauvignon
and a tuna roll appetizer.
Sir, the Cabernet Sauvignon
is a medium bodied red.
I know what I want to order.
Now shoo, fly.
WAITER: Of course, sir, right away.
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GUN FIRING)
(SCREAMING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Focus.
Pay attention.
(GRUNTING)
JADE: What?
Malcolm's ready for your debriefing now.
He's in his office waiting for you.
Right.
(GROANING)
(PHONE RINGING)
They are ready for you.
Go on in.
JADE: I was.
Anyway, that's all she said.
Black, come on in.
I believe you've met Director Watson.
Of course, sir.
How are you?
Well, Agent Black, I'd
be a hell of a lot better
if I had some intel
instead of a bunch of burned bodies
and pissed off diplomats.
They don't know we were there.
I was very careful to make sure that...
Goddamn sure know somebody was there,
and as stupid as you may think they are,
it doesn't take a fucking think tank
to figure out it was probably us.
And I didn't burn all
the bodies, exactly.
Dammit, Malcolm.
Black, this is serious.
You don't understand the shit storm
that rains down on us
from above every day.
Things like this just add another layer
of stink to the process.
You're right.
I'm sorry, sir.
I don't mean to make
light of the situation,
but there was no viable intel to gather.
The situation got out of hand,
and I made a decision.
I still stand by it.
Look, Malcolm, this is your division.
You do what you want with this thing,
but don't let it come back on me,
or I'll have your ass.
MALCOLM: Don't worry, sir.
Don't fucking worry,
and you'd better not come back
with a handful of air this next time.
No, sir, of course not.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Jade, what the hell were you thinking?
I was thinking we were better off
with me alive and them not.
You know better than anyone
that I'm not afraid to die,
but what purpose would that have served?
They were nothing to us,
and they had nothing of value to offer,
and seriously, Malcolm,
what the hell were you thinking?
A compound full of pedophiles,
and you pick me to send in?
Why would you do that?
What did you expect?
I expected you to be a professional
and remember your training.
That means all of your training
and not just the assassination programs.
You were chosen because
you knew what to look for,
what information to extract,
and how to extract it,
not because we needed some
goddamn angel of vengeance.
I taught you that.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what you want me to say.
I want you to say
that you see the big picture,
that you understand that we are a team.
I need to be able to trust you,
that you won't take matters
into your own hands, Jade.
I made the best decision
I could at the time.
We're not done with this yet,
but for now I have a
different operation for you.
Let's move on to that,
and we can talk more when you get back.
Get back from where?
England.
There is a chemist by
the name of Concotilli
who claims to have some information
and is asking for asylum.
I don't know exactly why or
for what he needs asylum,
but this comes directly
from Watt's office,
so let's get it done immediately.
Okay, I'll leave first thing tomorrow.
Actually, you're leaving tonight.
That file of information Jennifer gave you
on the way in is everything
we have on Concotilli.
Your contact on the ground there, Roan,
will be coming back with you.
You'll have plenty of time
to study that in transit.
Right now, I need you to get over
to Ty's and pick up your
travel docs and plane tickets,
and Jade?
Let's try not to have
the Italian ambassador
up my ass by the time you get back, pleas?
Sure.
(SIGHING)
Hey, Black.
Hey, Ty, what you working on?
Trying to calculate
the absolute maximum
chamber pressure exactly
so I can reduce weight by
shaving the outer walls
and then replace the recoil spring
with a stiffer but lighter titanium
and polymer hybrid.
I should be able to
simultaneously reduce weight
and recoil without jeopardizing
reliability or gripping.
So?
You can shoot it
accurately with one hand.
Lovely.
TY: Sadly, I don't
think they'll let you
put it in the overhead on
an international flight.
No, probably not.
Ah, and I have something else for you.
Oh, yeah?
And what's that?
(METAL RATTLING)
Oh, Ty, you shouldn't have.
No, probably not, but still here we are.
Jesus.
This thing is the size of a Buick.
How am I supposed to swallow this?
Wait a minute.
I am supposed to swallow this, right?
Yes, yes.
What is it anyway?
I'm just going to Italy,
and I've already had all my shots.
It's based on nanotechnology
that enters your bloodstream
and emits a harmless but detectable signal
that has a specific
frequency for each agent.
We get it via satellite,
much more reliable than 4G.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, that is rough.
Both?
TY: No, it's for Roan
as soon as you get there,
which will be tomorrow
if you make your flight.
It's not polite to stare, Ty.
(THROAT CLEARING)
(PLANE ENGINE RUNNING)
- WOMAN: (MUMBLING)
seven, seven (MUMBLING),
please make your way to
(MUMBLING) for boarding.
To all passengers (MUMBLING)
seven seven (MUMBLING).
(WIND BLOWING)
Johnson.
Virginia.
Now that the silliness
is over, let's go.
A Prius.
It's a rental.
(METAL THUDDING)
It's gonna take a little time.
He's in a house out in the countryside.
Fine.
Oh, yeah, take this.
Damn.
Yeah.
Oh, I got a gift for you too.
Here you go,
although hardly a fair trade.
Perfect.
(METAL CLICKING)
(CHOKING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(WATER FLOWING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(METAL THUDDING)
(DOG BARKING)
(METAL CLICKING)
(WOOD KNOCKING)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
I knew eventually someone would come.
We're not here to kill you.
We're here to take you back to America.
This is all my research.
(DOGS BARKING)
This is what they're afraid of,
the one thing that can stop them.
That idiot Richardson
wouldn't keep his mouth shut.
(DOG WHIMPERING)
JADE: Who else is here?
We're alone.
I sent my wife and son
to her family in Tuscany.
I couldn't tell her why.
Just leave those.
You just need your laptop.
(GUN FIRING)
Go, go.
Get him out of here.
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GUN FIRING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(SPEAKING IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(PHONE RINGING)
Jade Black.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
I'm not ready.
What?
What are you talking about?
We got to get the hell out of here.
He may not be alone.
He's hit.
Dammit.
I know a safe place we can go.
Can't stay very long though.
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
I would have liked
to have seen my family one more time.
No, man, you're gonna see them again.
Kind boy.
Dr. Concotelli, I have
to ask you a few questions.
We need to understand what exactly it is
that you have that they want
and who's after you.
It's all in here.
(COUGHING)
It's password protected.
What's the password?
Juliet, it's Juliet.
Okay, so what exactly am I supposed
to be looking for?
Dr. Concotilli.
Do you have someone for this?
Yes.
Okay, leave it.
Make the call.
Let's go.
(METAL CLANGING)
This is Black.
Put me through.
Malcolm, I'm with Roan.
We're coming in.
No, he didn't make it.
It was Haydn.
Absolutely, I was
standing 10 feet from him.
Look, I have the laptop,
but I just sent you some
info I pulled from it.
Can you send it to Ty
and have him work on it?
It's mostly just chemical
and mathematical equations,
but there's a list of names.
Yes, sir.
I'll be there by tomorrow.
(PHONE BEEPING)
What's going on, Black?
This was supposed to be
some simple babysitting job
on my way back to the States.
Who the hell was that shooter?
His name's Haydn.
Well, who is he?
I mean, who does he work for?
He's a ghost,
and he works for whoever
has the biggest bank account
at the moment.
Occasionally that includes us.
(PAPERS RUSTLING)
Who's this?
That's Daniel Hawthorne.
Okay.
We don't have much on him.
His name has come up a time or two
in our investigation into
the sex trafficking trade,
but nothing solid.
We don't know if he's a buyer,
a provider, a transporter, or what,
but we do know that he's a member
of an international business
group called Darrian,
and they're having a
networking event tonight
at the Metro Ballroom.
Okay, so why the sudden interest
if he's not really on our radar?
His name was on that list
you got from Concotilli's computer.
Okay, then, evening gown?
Yes, but be discreet.
Find out whatever you can
without letting anybody
know that you're asking.
You'll stand out if you're unescorted,
so Roan will go with you.
He'll be fine.
He's already familiar with the operation,
so he'll see it through with you,
and Jade?
Exercise caution please.
We don't know what we don't
know about this group.
(MUMBLING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
I'll find Hawthorne.
You just listen to the room.
You do realize I'm trained
at information gathering as well.
Yeah, that's what worries me.
Are these always this dull?
Well, the Rolling Stones
had to cancel tonight.
Oh, tragic.
Well, the party's not
over till it's ended.
Oh.
Daniel Hawthorne.
Jade Black.
Did you come alone, Mrs. Black?
Of course not,
and it's miss.
Where's your date then?
He ditched me.
He's off shaking hands and kissing ass
on some business deal.
(MUMBLING)
Well, here's to due diligence then.
(GLASS CLINKING)
I have a VIP room upstairs.
Would you like to see it?
Show me.
So what do you do, Mr. Hawthorne?
Whatever I like, Miss Black.
(GRUNTING)
See what you can learn from him.
Report to me tomorrow.
This one stays with me.
(TAPE SCRATCHING)
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
Hawthorne.
If we don't play nice with our guests,
they're not gonna want to
have a conversation with us.
Please try to remember that,
and she's one of Malcolm's girls.
You do not want to be standing that close.
I promise you,
so you would be Jade Black then.
I'm Elle.
I assume you've heard of me.
Okay.
I apologize for the accommodations,
but I find it much easier
to remain low key and mobile
with more modest surroundings.
I trust that you had a deep sleep.
Don't worry.
The headache and fogginess,
it'll only last a couple more hours,
just long enough for us to develop
a more intimate acquaintance.
Oh.
Men can be so brutish
when they're passionate,
but of course, you and I,
we know that better than most,
don't we, love?
Oh, of course.
Not to worry.
The metal roof and framing
guarantees that Ty's little gadgets
will be confused and slow
to read your signature,
so we have plenty of time
for uninterrupted conversation.
Who are you?
I told you.
I'm Elle.
I was you before you were you.
I was Malcolm's favorite,
the first, in fact.
Yes, I'm sure it's a bit confusing,
but don't worry.
It will all become a bit
more clear in a few hours
when the drugs subside a bit.
(METAL THUDDING)
Now, Miss Black,
what I need from you is some
very simple information.
I'm aware that I need no longer worry
about Dr. Concotilli,
and of course Dr. Richardson was removed
from the equation weeks ago.
What I don't know is,
did Concotilli have time
to give you the formula,
and more importantly,
has it been passed along
to Director Watts yet?
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(SIGHING)
I am offering you an opportunity
that you clearly don't appreciate.
Right now, you're awake
and able to speak freely,
and I'm willing to give you truths
in exchange for some
basic yes or no answers,
and if you don't want to see that,
we can do this Hawthorne's way,
which I assure you will
be much more primal.
What?
What truths?
(METAL SCRAPING)
A truth that only someone
like you or I could truly understand,
it's about retribution and recompense.
What are you talking about?
No, no, no,
quid pro quo, Jade.
Tell me.
We know all about
your biological weapon.
(METAL SCRAPING)
Of course you do.
Don't insult me.
Juliet is not the weapon.
I am dropping poison bait
into the middle of a rat colony.
Who would want to stop me
besides the rats?
Enough of this crap.
She's not giving us anything.
(METAL SCRAPING)
Jade, Jade, Jade,
Malcolm acquired me
the same way he did you.
The rats have fed on us both.
Don't we deserve their atonement?
(GRUNTING)
I'm gonna need more than just
a couple yes or no answers.
Now I'd like you to take
as much time as you'd
like in giving them to me
so we can fully enjoy the process.
(YELLING)
(METAL THUDDING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(YELLING)
(GUN FIRING)
(CAR HORN HONKING)
Ty, it's Jade.
Dammit, Ty, alpha,
yankee, niner, one, niner.
Meet me at the safe house on East 23rd,
and bring hardware.
As soon as I lose them.
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(GUNS FIRING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(SIREN RINGING)
(GUN FIRING)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
Are you okay?
Still a little loopy
from the drugs that they gave me,
but I'm functioning.
Obviously.
MALCOLM: Tell me.
Who is Elle?
Holy shit.
Jade, how was Elle connected?
I think Hawthorne works for her,
or at least they're working
together on something,
so who the hell is she?
Intelligent, insane,
dangerous.
She was one of the very first
recruited into this program
and well suited for it.
She couldn't let go of her past.
She eventually had to be pulled
from the field and institutionalized.
If we could find a facility
that would hold her.
She vanished from a high
security ward six years ago,
and no one's heard from her.
Well, you're hearing from her now.
I'm gonna need some clothes
that I can move in.
Assemble a small team,
and I'll take them in.
Contact Roan.
I'll pick him up on my way.
I've already taken care of seven,
so by the time that we,
what is it?
Jade, they have Roan.
We're not going after
Hawthorn and Elle yet.
Our priority is to protect
our operation's integrity.
I tracked his signature to here.
This heavily wooded area is in the middle
of a training compound owned
by an independent militia
called Hand to God.
They are extreme right wing survivalists
that receive most of their funding
through the Darrian Group.
They are very seclusive and very paranoid.
The leaders are prominent members
of the communities around the compound,
so local law enforcement
will be protective of them as well.
So you're sending me in alone
to rescue one agent.
If you can.
We need you to go in quietly and find Roan
and determine what, if anything,
he may have told them about
any of our operations,
particularly our work
on Darrian and Juliet.
If you can bring him out quietly, then do.
If not, then you have to eliminate
any possibility of them
pulling anything else from him.
Holy shit.
I'll take you to a burner vehicle
you can leave on the outside
perimeter of the compound.
Everything you need has
already been loaded.
It's for you.
Had to reroute your calls
till we find the phone you lost.
Hawthorne.
Yes, of course.
Hello, Mr. Petrovich.
Are you in the States again?
Yes, yes, I do.
Right, I'd be happy to accommodate.
In fact, we have something very special
I think you're gonna enjoy.
Well, then, I'll make
the usual arrangements.
(PHONE BEEPING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(GUN FIRING)
Now what you need to remember is this.
It's imperative
for you to keep a situational awareness
at all times.
Failure to do so,
can cost you your life
and the lives of your fellow soldiers.
You must always know what's
within your perimeter.
(GUNS FIRING)
(LAUGHING)
Got you.
So now you wanna
twist that weight just...
(YELLING)
(MUMBLING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
JADE: How much did you tell them?
Nothing.
I think.
I don't know, Jade.
I don't know.
JADE: Can you move?
Not like you need me to.
(MATCH STRIKING)
Cigarette?
You know there's no time for that.
Okay.
(GUN COCKING)
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
Should give us two minutes,
maybe less.
Let's go.
(GRUNTING)
(GUNS FIRING)
(YELLING)
You ready?
No.
(GRUNTING)
(GUN FIRING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(YELLING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GAS EXPLODING)
(FIRE CRACKLING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(METAL THUDDING)
(GUN FIRING)
(METAL CLATTERING)
Carl?
I'm sending you a location
and a detailed description
of what I need you to get.
Go fetch,
and keep it zero impact.
I need the absence to go
unnoticed at least a few days.
Do you understand?
Yes, of course.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(METAL SCRAPING)
Hey.
(GUN FIRING)
(YELLING)
Hey.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
Sedated.
You didn't follow protocol.
No.
Okay.
(WOOD THUDDING)
This is time sensitive now.
They all know that we know about them,
even if he didn't give them any details.
Tell me about Elle and Hawthorne.
Hawthorne seemed to be in control
of everything except her.
She's definitely the
leader of whatever this is.
If Hawthorne is involved
with Darrian trafficking and sex slaves,
and Elle has developed Juliet
and is killing off all of his buyers,
why the hell are they working together?
I don't see the connection.
What does Elle have over Hawthorne?
What?
The cure is the weapon.
It's the money, Malcolm, the profit.
If they control the only cure,
and the virus is spreading
throughout the entire sex trade,
then what's it worth?
They'd have to create a panic first
to drive a market,
somebody prominent, maybe several,
to prove that anyone is vulnerable.
What else, Jade?
Anything she said or did that stood out.
I can't remember too many specifics,
especially at first.
The drugs they gave me were pretty good,
but she didn't seem to mind
that I knew about Juliet or any of it,
and she knew me.
She knew about me, my background,
before I was even awake,
me, you, Ty, everything.
Ty, she never met Ty.
He wasn't here then.
Well, she used his name,
and something else was weird.
She seemed like she really
didn't want to hurt me,
like she was just keeping
Hawthorne in place...
Don't ever underestimate her,
not for a second.
Let's go.
Here you go, babe.
That took quite a bit
longer than expected.
Did you stop off for a nice dinner
and some drinks?
I ran into a hiccup,
but it's all good.
DANIEL: A hiccup?
CARL: Yeah, what's
it to you, Hawthorne?
I handled it.
Oh, you handled it.
Oh, lovely,
and you handled what precisely?
Just a security guard.
It was no problem.
Like I said, I handled it.
Guys, look, I was the
one on the ground there.
I took care of things.
You don't like the way
I handle my business,
next time, just send this
big, stupid pretty boy.
(KNIFE SLICING)
(CHOKING)
That's good advice.
Thank you for your input.
Come on.
Let's go.
Just leave that.
I'm not getting my deposit back anyway.
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GUN COCKING)
(GUN FIRING)
Four clean cuts,
Ka-Bar, maybe a Cold Steel Tanto.
JADE: Elle?
Absolutely.
I wonder if he thought
she didn't want to hurt him.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
You look disappointed.
JADE: I really didn't believe
they could move their
entire operation that fast.
What makes you think
that was their entire operation?
(CAR HORN HONKING)
JADE: Where are we going?
Back to headquarters.
Ty's been running some algorithms
looking for commonalities
between the names on Concotilli's list.
Of the 11 names on the list,
we were already watching seven of them
for suspected trafficking.
Does that surprise you?
Not at all.
Three of them have died this week.
Yeah, I kind of don't care.
Let her do our job for us,
even if they are Americans.
If we're lucky, they're all Americans.
What do you think will happen
if she kills a foreign
dignitary on American soil?
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
It doesn't feel like
a couple of decades,
does it, Malcolm?
Sees like just a couple of years
since we got the go ahead
for your new division.
MALCOLM: Chuck, why am I here?
You know, I've never
really had to push you.
You've always been very aggressive,
and your teams have been
very effective for us.
Well, I appreciate that,
but why does it feel
like you just kissed me
before bending me over?
Well, your powers of observation
haven't deteriorated any.
If it were the cartels or weapons dealers
or even the bomb makers,
these guys pop up in every country
as fast as we can squish them,
like a bunch of roaches
when you turn on the lights,
but this bio thing, this Juliet...
I don't see your point.
Where's the comparison?
Well, there is no comparison, Malcolm,
and that is the point.
This is coming from a single source.
It's not some fashion trend
the whole world is jumping on,
and from what I hear,
it's originating in the United States.
CHUCK: From what you hear?
Look, Malcolm, we have two more dead
in the past four days,
both very wealthy,
and one very well connected.
How can I justify funding your division
if you can't find this
and eliminate it in your own backyard?
You've got Black working on this,
and she's getting nowhere.
Not nowhere, Chuck.
(STATIC CRACKLING)
Hofner, do you need something?
HOFNER: Oh, do you
need any coffee, sir?
No.
All right, what's nowhere?
We don't know exactly what it is,
but we know there's an antidote,
and we know who the source is.
Well, why don't we have him?
It's a her, and her name is Elle,
and she was one of ours,
one of the first we
rescued from trafficking
and put into the program.
She knows our MO
as well as anyone ever will.
That's why she's been able
to stay a step ahead of us until now.
Until now?
Ty has been looking
into the tax records,
at the ownership of the last property
we knew her to inhabit,
and he found another warehouse
about a mile and a half away
owned by the same holding company
with the same purchase date.
Jade has a team en route now.
What the hell are you standing here for?
You called me in.
Next time I see her,
I'm gonna take care of things my way.
No.
There were no allowances
for this in the plan.
Adapt.
We just need to regain control
and get back on track
with the original plan.
No.
Do not presume to know what I need.
We have to get our focus back.
Focus, sure,
and maintain the illusion of control
over the actions of Malcolm dearest
and his lovely little viper.
You better remember this is about money,
not a vendetta.
Well, that's cute when the puppy barks.
You can't let it get personal.
It is personal.
(PHONE RINGING)
(PHONE BEEPING)
Yes?
Oh, how clever.
When?
(PHONE BEEPING)
Well, then, go now please.
You know exactly what to do.
Just start small.
Let's not dally, shall we?
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(METAL SCRAPING)
(GUNS FIRING)
(YELLING)
(MUMBLING)
(METAL CLICKING)
(WOOD KNOCKING)
We have her.
She's alive.
Hawthorne?
Vanished.
(DOOR CREAKING)
(METAL CLANGING)
Well, hello, Malcolm.
It is so nice to see you again.
Still fighting the good fight, are we?
I am.
ELLE: And still losing.
And yet here you sit in my holding cell.
For now.
The last time, I
tried to help you, Elle.
I won't be making that mistake again.
Help me?
Yes.
This time I will value
security over rehabilitation.
Help me.
Help me?
You abandoned me.
You plucked me from one nightmare,
and when you were through with me,
you dropped me straight into another.
(GUN COCKING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
And when you were
through with me, Malcolm,
after you threw me in the trash,
found yourself a new toy to play with.
Look at her.
Does she know what awaits her?
Do you?
When you grow tired of being
their mindless killing machine
and you start asking questions,
if you decide to speak your mind, mind.
Can I just kill her now?
If you expect me to believe
that you think you're
doing something noble
for the greater good,
then you are in for a disappointment.
I already know it's all for the money.
And when the costs are too great,
and there is no market for the product,
it disappears.
How do you not see that?
And if you make a few
billion in the process,
that's okay, right?
You and your sick little
friend, Hawthorne.
He serves his purpose.
(PHONE VIBRATING)
I have to go see Ty.
Go.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(METAL CLANGING)
Elle, tell me where Hawthorne is,
where he's heading.
You can still do the right thing.
You never really did see me, did you?
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
You break my heart, Elle.
(METAL CLANGING)
I break your heart?
Fuck you, Malcolm.
Malcolm.
(LAUGHING)
(METAL RATTLING)
Jade, come in.
Sit.
Tell me you have something
of value for me, Ty.
Oh, I have something for sure.
I'm just not sure the value yet.
We were going through Concotilli's notes
about Juliet and the antidote,
which we're now calling Romeo, of course.
Right, of course.
We haven't been making any progress
because we haven't had a
live sample to test from.
Live sample?
It's not a poison.
It's a living virus that's
been genetically modified.
It lies dormant in the host's system,
and once activated,
it's fatal within a few hours.
The problem has been that
the virus dies with the host.
And that's why you can't
find a living sample.
Until yesterday.
Well, we knew it needed
to be in liquid form
from the notes so it could be injected
or ingested through drink
or transferred through bodily fluid,
so the little girl that
was with the congressman
should have been dead too.
So why wasn't she?
Because there was no pleasure.
The virus lies dormant
in the host's system until activated.
Now we've learned that the triggers
are oxytocin and dopamine,
the very chemicals responsible
for excitement and pleasure, respectively.
Which the body manufactures
in huge quantities during sex.
Unless you're a young girl
being forced by a congressman,
in which case, there is only a milligram
of dopamine being manufactured.
Good God,
so the virus is alive and dormant
in the little girl.
Yes,
but now we have a live sample
to use to synthesize a remedy from
as soon as we figure out the rest
of the equation from Concotilli's notes.
We confiscated Richardson's
computer last night,
so that should help.
Ty, you said it has to
remain in liquid form.
Can it be frozen?
Not likely.
It probably wouldn't survive.
What about aerosolized?
Sure.
Ty, I need you to stop working on that
for a few minutes.
Last week, there was a
missing person's report
on the FBI bulletins.
It was a security guard
at a commercial architectural
firm here in town.
There were some blueprints
missing from the firm.
I need you to find out exactly
what were on those plans
and for what building.
Get me as much as you can on it.
I can do that.
And a list of any other properties
that the Universal Exports
Holding Company is tied to
anywhere in the States.
Ty, keep this between us for now.
Sure, whatever you need,
but if the shit hits the fans,
I will be throwing you
right under the bus.
(COMPUTER KEYS CLACKING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(METAL CLATTERING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(KNIFE SLICING)
(WOOD KNOCKING)
Where did you come from?
Is the ambassador in?
I need to speak with Mr. Petrovich.
He's busy.
(GUN FIRING)
I know.
(KNIFE SLICING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(WATER RUNNING)
(SPEAKING IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(LIQUID POURING)
(WOOD THUDDING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Go ahead.
JADE: How much of it, Malcolm?
All of it.
In her reality, all of it, Jade.
How did you choose her?
Almost exactly the
same way we chose you.
She was younger, though, 11 or so.
In a building full of girls,
she was the one that resisted the most,
just like you, Jade.
So you think that showed promise.
Is that it?
I think the fact that
they beat you with a cane
and you still resisted
showed your internal strength.
(CHUCKLING)
That's why I chose you, Jade.
What about her, Malcolm?
Did they beat her with a cane too?
Did she resist enough
to prove herself to you?
No.
They stripped her naked,
covered her with makeup for a buyer.
She took the makeup pencil away
and stabbed one of them
in the neck repeatedly
until he was dead.
They couldn't give her away after that.
They were just about to execute her
when we raided them.
Thanks, Jen.
Go ahead and send him in.
JEN: Okay.
Jade, I have the paperwork
you've been waiting for.
If you just wanna stop by my office...
It's fine, Ty.
Bring it here.
What do you have?
You were right.
There are some blueprints missing
for the Tolson Center in Naples.
I checked, but there's not a
lot of activity there lately,
but they are holding a
Democratic fundraiser
day after tomorrow.
JADE: And the other thing?
Yeah, right there.
It's sorted by proximity of each one
to the two properties Elle was using.
What's this?
This one looks close.
Yeah, that's a storage facility.
I'll get a team together.
No, not yet.
We have another day.
I think our ship has a leak.
I'll be in my...
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(SIGHING)
(METAL CLATTERING)
Hofner?
Director Watts wanted me
to give you her transfer papers
and for you not to forget
that requisition form for...
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
What the hell?
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(GUN CLICKING)
That should buy us an hour or so.
(GUN FIRING)
(YAWNING)
(DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Oh God.
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(METAL THUDDING)
(PAPER RUSTLING)
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
What could you possibly
say to me, Malcolm,
to keep me from shutting
down your division?
Hofner was your man.
You hired him.
Don't fuck with me.
I'm not playing with you.
This is some serious shit.
You think I'm playing?
Really, Chuck?
Jennifer was my assistant for five years.
She wasn't great at what she did,
but she was loyal,
and she was a friend,
and she was just slaughtered
so that Elle could make a point.
Exactly.
You created this monster,
and then you let her get away,
and when you finally brought her back in,
she's literally killing us
inside our own offices...
Bullshit.
You know you can't lay that crap on me.
She had us from the inside out.
There was no way that any
of us could have known
she had him in her pocket.
JADE: So it was Hofner.
Yeah, it was Hofner.
Wait.
You knew we were compromised before.
Why didn't...
Because she didn't know.
Yesterday I had a suspicion
there was an information leak,
but I had no idea she actually
had someone from the inside.
Wait, what's that?
Blueprints from the Tolson Center,
everything except the floor plan
and the ventilation system.
Those were missing.
Where did you get them?
A storage unit with Elle's name
written all over it.
The Tolson Center in Naples?
Oh, hell, I have to be there
for a fundraiser tomorrow night.
Well, then, I suggest you just mail
in a check instead.
I'll have Ty arrange for our flights.
CHUCK: Are you sure she'll be there?
It's her target demographic.
She wouldn't trust it
to Hawthorne by himself.
How can you know for sure?
Because I wouldn't.
(PHONE RINGING)
Director Watts.
What?
Oh my God.
Yes, sir.
No, of course, sir.
I'll be there, Mr. Secretary.
I have to be in a room
with a call to the Kremlin tomorrow.
The Russian ambassador
has just been killed
with the Juliet virus.
We have to stop them
before anyone arrives tomorrow.
She was already gone when
you found the blueprints.
She doesn't know you know.
Of course she does,
but she knows it doesn't matter.
(CAR ENGINE RUNNING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
I don't like it.
Yeah, I don't either.
Assume they're already here
and aware of us.
I'll go up to the second floor
and let the security office
know that we're here,
get them to evacuate the building quietly.
I'll go floor to floor,
check the intake as we go.
No need.
There's access to each layer
of the ventilation
system from maintenance.
Go to the basement.
That's where Elle would start.
(MACHINE RUNNING)
(METAL CLANGING)
(GUNS FIRING)
Jade.
Did you miss me, baby?
Oh, I'm not gonna miss.
I knew you'd come back.
(GUN FIRING)
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(CHOKING)
(GUN FIRING)
(METAL CLATTERING)
(GUN CLICKING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(GRUNTING)
Hello, Malcolm.
(COUGHING)
Welcome to the jungle.
We've missed you.
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(YELLING)
(METAL CLATTERING)
Right where I want you,
flat on your back.
(YELLING AND GRUNTING)
Right where I want you,
flat on your back.
(GRUNTING AND YELLING)
(METAL CREAKING)
(COUGHING)
Elle, what are you doing?
You can still stop this.
It's not too late.
You mean this, Malcolm?
Oh, it's too late.
It was too late before you ever pulled me
out of that bunker in
Czechoslovakia all those years ago.
Can't you see that?
Let me take you in.
I can still help you.
Oh, Malcolm, you did help me.
When you locked me away
with all those loonies,
you helped me realize that this
has always been my destiny.
See, I had to suffer the indignities,
the ripping and tearing of
my body and my innocence.
How else could I be rewarded
and still be the bearer
of such a precise justice?
Good God, Elle.
Oh, shut up, cry baby.
(YELLING)
(GRUNTING)
(CHOKING)
Stand down, Jade.
(GUN COCKING)
Damn it, Black.
I said stand down,
and I mean now.
(COUGHING)
Sorry.
We have to take her in alive.
We need to get all the information we can.
(METAL CLICKING)
Information. (LAUGHING)
Information.
You already have all the information.
Bullshit.
Oh, come on.
You know the truth in your
heart, don't you, girl?
Don't you?
You've been following the money,
but what is more dear to
a powerful man than greed?
Self-preservation.
You can see that.
What are you saying?
It's not abut who
stands to gain the most
from a global scale influx
of Juliet, of course.
No, it's about who
stands to lose the most.
Who's afraid of it,
and who holds the power?
Who holds the power, Jade?
Surely you know.
Come on, Jade.
(GUN FIRING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(GASPING)
Thank you, God.
(GUN FIRING)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
It's done.
Wire the balance to my account.
No, that will be fine.
Thank you.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Megan?
Wow, what are you doing here?
I'm sorry.
The position was open.
Yeah, it's great to see you.
I hope you're doing okay.
Yeah, you too.
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Wow, Megan.
I needed someone.
If you don't approve, you can...
No, it's fine.
Congratulations on the promotion.
Yeah, I don't think anybody else
wanted the job after Watts stepped down.
He really tainted the office, so to speak,
all the accusations.
Has he been convicted?
Of course not.
I mean, it never reaches that far up,
but then he'll never be back here either,
so we have that.
Jade.
I was thinking of recommending you
for my old position.
The Secretary will
probably accept my choice,
and there's not another agent
more qualified than you.
Of course, you'll have to
get used to the red tape,
but I know you can handle it.
Do you need some more time to think?
We can talk in a couple of days
when you have more questions.
Malcolm, I'm leaving.
Are you sure?
You have a home here.
You know I haven't really had a home
since I was 13,
but you've been good to me, Malcolm.
I'll never forget that,
and I hope you can forgive me.
There's nothing to forgive.
Just promise me
if you ever change your mind
you won't hesitate to come to me.
You have a place wherever I have a place.
Of course.
You know I'll keep in touch.
It's not polite to stare, Megan.
(UPBEAT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org